Hi.
You're welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to do some configurations.
Okay.
Now, the first thing we're going to need to do is we're going to create the directory where our image
is going to be stored.
Okay.
And we're going to create this directory in this zoom.
Have that tree that is within this.
Okay.
That is the create it for the year.
What we can do is we can go to the post, back that YAML file and over here we can then click on New
for the and we're going to call this for the assets.
Okay.
And over this asset directory, we're going to create a new photo.
You can call it directory or footer.
Okay.
So what is assets for the directory?
You're going to create a new directory.
Okay.
And we can call this images.
Great.
Now I'm just gonna copy the image, and that is going to be available to you.
Okay, copy.
And next up, we call this Zoom app you can see is within this directory.
Right.
Okay.
So we can go to the assets and images and then paste this.
Now, the next thing to do is to tell flowchart that we just added this image card onboarding docs jpg.
Okay.
Not to do that.
Going to need to go to the.
Was that the jumbo fire?
And as I can see, we have this assets, right.
Is it just cruel to look for this?
Okay.
So now what we can do is we can uncomment this and get rid of this.
So now we have not had the wherewithal to fly to the location of this image we have.
Okay.
So the location this the onboarding jeopardy is and.
The assets that are tree and then images that we and then we can just see a backslash.
What is going to do is what is going to go into this images folder and then assess all our images.
And for now, we just have one image.
Okay, now we can then use contra and that's the save and that's what gets what we just did.
Or you can simply click on gets packages.
Okay.
Okay, okay.
Just going to take some time and it's going to be done.
Okay.
He disclosed this.
Now, the next step is hopefully we got Nocera and.
Hopefully we got no hair.
Okay.
Well, we can just do is gets the package again.
Now, the next step is we're going to define some colors we need.
Okay.
So obviously dietary.
What we can do is we can just create a new food for this.
Okay.
And we can call this for the use sales.
You can see it's done.
Okay.
Then over this utils, we can create a new fly and you can call this five colors.
Colors dart dots.
Okay.
Now, I'm just going to pierce this color I have.
You can easily just pause this video to copy.
Sorry to type right away, but it's going to be available to you.
So all we can do is to use contra an s to save this file.
Okay.
Now what we can also do is we can change the scene.
You can see currently it is wide.
So what we can do is we can change the same of our heart.
Not to do that, we're going to need to go to the main, the Dutch fire and we can use country and be
okay.
Now what we can do is we can get rid of this and now we can set team, right?
We want to change the team of our advocacy team.
They are.
Same data and then diet doc.
I think we need this.
And now what?
We start this.
Okay.
Okay, okay.
Let's we start.
Okay.
Ack ack ack ack ack ack.
Now we can check.
This is going to refresh this now.
Okay, great.
I can see now what we can as well do over here.
We can see that's copy widths.
What this simply is, is we are simply saying we want to use all the properties this team did at The
Dark Horse and as well we want to use our whole property as well so that we can see scaffold background
colour.
Now you can see everything you see over here is referred to as a scaffold the same way in this HTML
you have by the right.
So everything you see over here is a fed.
So what as a scaffold you can see the log in screen as well in the log in.
Okay, we have this in the views and log in screen.
You can see we have this scaffold, right?
So we can see the scaffold.
Okay.
So I think.
We are okay scaffold color.
Then we can use the background color which we just defined in the colors.
They're in the colors.
You can see why it colors.
Okay.
They find the reason it does not get imported.
You can alight in this country and dodge the imports.
It's.
Okay.
Now what we can do is all we start this and go check.
You can see some bits different.
Okay.
Use this on a big difference now and.
You can see.
Okay.
So now what we are simply doing, we are using the properties, the same data the DAC has and as well
we are also using our own property.
Okay.
Just basically it's okay, guys.
Saying the Nasdaq.